these youtubers are using deep fake
technology in some very funny ways at
number one the faking who put Elan musk
space on Charlie Sheen that's how I roll
I have one speed I've one gear go put
Kevin Hart's on mr. t I just want to
shake some sense into you kid and swab
Tom Hanks for Keanu Reeves in Forrest
Gump momma said they'd take me anywhere
she said they was my magic shoes all
right Forrest oh yeah now face swaps are
like a box of chocolates you never know
what you're gonna get at number two next
face he features Keanu chill by making
him multiple characters on NBC's the
good place everything okay
nope get strange with stranger things
character swapping 11 space for hopper
next wanted to have a sleepover okay
and turn Ryan Reynolds into Willy Wonka
in Charlie and the Chocolate Factory
this is the great blouse wonkavator
shove elevator it's a wonkavator an
elevator can only go up and down but the
wonkavator can go sideways and slantways
and long ways that is almost as freaky
as the Tim Burton remake and third on
our list of celebrity face swap channels
dr. bacon Stein who's inserted Snoop
Dogg and Mike Tyson into an episode of
Oprah so I want you to beat this one
first okay I read what he said yeah
that's what he said
mess with Mike again in the Family
Matters intro
and most famously turn Nick Offerman aka
Ron Swanson into everyone on the full
house intro
[Music]
and now this baby's gonna haunt your
dreams tonight you're welcome swapping
celebrities on the buzz list
[Music]